Docs: Making symlinks and installation directory info more explicit (#25734)
Automattic/jetpack: docs/quick-start.md

- nvm: `curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.0/install.sh | bash`

> The Jetpack Monorepo requires the following to be installed on your machine:

Reviewer: Let's change this line too. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
The Jetpack Monorepo requires various software to be installed on your machine.
```

- Start by cloning the GitHub repo using one of these two methods:
 	- A public SSH key ([recommended](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/trunk/docs/development-environment.md#clone-the-repository)): `git clone git@github.com:Automattic/Jetpack.git` 
	- HTTPS: `git clone https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack.git` 
	- If you're not an Automattician, you can [fork the repo following the instructions here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects).

>      - Note that the Monorepo should not be cloned into the WordPress plugins directory (you will see a warning on your plugins page in that case saying that the Jetpack Monorepo is not a plugin and shouldn't be installed as one). If you are not cloning into a Docker environment, read the [full Development Environment guide here](development-environment.md#clone-the-repository) to find out how to add symlinks.

Reviewer: The prior code used tabs (although I see lines 15 and 30 oddly have a space before the tab) while your changes here use spaces. We should probably use either spaces or tabs throughout.

Author: Will convert that all to tabs.

Reviewer: Looks like you converted them all to spaces instead? Did you change your mind, or was that unintentional?

Author: This was confusing. I was using tabs in the editor yet it seems it was converting them to spaces, even if I copy pasted from another editor using tabs. Turns out it was VScode, so I've changed some settings and from what I can see the tabs should now be showing correctly.

> - The next steps cover what software needs installing:

Reviewer: I'm not really liking this description. Maybe like this?
```suggestion
- This software needs to be installed or updated system-wide:
```
That's a little closer to what line 37 says. You could tweak line 37 too if you want.

Author: 👍 I'll also tweak line 37.

     - Bash (will need to be updated from default Mac version): `brew install bash`
     - jq (JSON processor used in scripts): `brew install jq` 
- To install the following software, cd into the Jetpack directory that was created when cloning the repo: `cd jetpack`:
     - Node.js (used for build process and our CLI): `nvm install && nvm use`
     - PNPM (a Node.js package manager): `npm install -g pnpm`
     - PHP (the language at the core of the WordPress ecosystem): `source .github/versions.sh && brew install php@$PHP_VERSION`
     - Composer (our PHP package manager): `brew install composer`

>     - Jetpack CLI (an internal tool that assists with development): `pnpm install && pnpm jetpack cli link`

Reviewer: This line would need one more space to line up with previous lines.

 	- A public SSH key ([recommended](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/trunk/docs/development-environment.md#clone-the-repository)): `git clone git@github.com:Automattic/Jetpack.git` 
	- HTTPS: `git clone https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack.git` 
	- If you're not an Automattician, you can [fork the repo following the instructions here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects).

> - Note that the Monorepo should not be cloned into the WordPress plugins directory (you will see a warning on your plugins page in that case saying that the Jetpack Monorepo is not a plugin and shouldn't be installed as one). If you are not cloning into a Docker environment, read the [full Development Environment guide here](development-environment.md#clone-the-repository) to find out how to add symlinks.

Reviewer: Should this be indented to put it under the bullet on line 30? As it is, this reads somewhat oddly. Then again, it already reads somewhat oddly IMO.

> Here's the stuff you need to install:
>
> * Clone our repo.
>    * One method
>    * Another method
>    * Here's a tip if you're not an a11n.
> * Oh wait, here's a big note on where _not_ to clone the repo
> * Another software to install.
> * Another software to install.
> * Weird instruction to change directories. That's not something to install?
> * Another software to install.
> * Another software to install.
> * Another software to install.
> * Another software to install.
> * Another software to install.

Some of that's because this list is mixing "list of stuff to install" with "commands to install it on a Mac".

Author: Ah right, yes it should have been indented to be under the bullet on line 30. I can't quite spot how the 'HTTPS' line and the 'If you're not an Automattician' line have an additional indent as they don't appear to viewing the raw file - other than the use of a space for the 'A public SSH key' line which looks invisible. 🤷 

> Some of that's because this list is mixing "list of stuff to install" with "commands to install it on a Mac".

I have a suggestion for this! I'll commit it and comment when it's ready for review.
